name:Death
pastUpright:You just came out of a major ending. It might have been painful, but it was necessary. The past position is the best place for you to get The Death card in your tarot card reading. It means you already did the work, and there is a new door open to you now. You may have left a relationship or had another major ending, but this has now cleared the path for you, and the worst is behind you.
pastReverse:Were you clinging to something that was hurting you? Were you staying in a toxic relationship dynamic for fear of letting go? The change still happened, as it always does, but maybe you made it more difficult for yourself by not accepting it. The Death card teaches you to accept the inevitable, even when we are afraid.
presentUpright:You’re in a challenging situation right now and you know that you have to let something go. The change that is upon you right now can’t be stopped. If you can accept that this is the way things need to be, you will soon discover something new and beautiful on the other side. Change can hurt, and the emotions around that are normal. But if you can surrender to the universe and understand that you are opening the door to blessings, even if you can’t see how things will unfold, your transition will be easier for you.
presentReverse:Don’t resist the change that is upon you right now. The Death card in the reverse shows that you are trying to prevent an inevitable change from happening. But we cannot control or prevent change, in fact, it will only make things more difficult for you in the long run. A deep inner purging might be indicated.
futureUpright:You are going to have a major change or loss in your future, but it is nothing that you can’t withstand! When The Death card comes to bring an end to something in our lives it also brings lessons. The journey of The Fool through the Major Arcana is all about growing spiritually. Every challenge and obstacle we overcome makes us stronger and wiser. As we overcome and release, we learn our own strengths, and we also make room for beautiful new opportunities.
futureReverse:In the reverse, The Death card is warning you not to resist the change that will be coming your way. You might need to undergo a major emotional purging. It’s a good idea to pull some clarifying cards to reveal the deeper meaning of this card in this position.