name:Judgement
pastUpright:You recently made a major life-altering decision or experienced a spiritual awakening. Your choice is not being judged – it was made based on the beliefs you held at that time. It is clear, however, that this choice has led you to where you are today. The Judgement card in the past position indicates that you are now taking stock of the choices you made and how they influenced your current situation.
pastReverse:Are you beating yourself up for making a “wrong” decision? The Judgment card in the reverse indicates that you may need to forgive yourself for past missteps. Take responsibility for your choices and what they led to, but let go of any guilt or shame. We make the best decisions we can with the beliefs and knowledge we have at the time. The important thing is that we learn and don’t repeat mistakes.
presentUpright:You are at the precipice of a major decision that will impact your life in a profound way. Gather all of your life’s lessons and trust your heart. Have the courage to make the right decision based on what honors you and your truth. Let go of any past wounds, shame, or guilt, and face this challenge with truth and integrity. You will need both your intuition and your intellect to take advantage of this life-changing transformation and respond to your inner calling.
presentReverse:It creeps up on you quietly in the back of your mind. You know in your heart that it resonates but you push it away. When the Judgement card appears in the reverse, it suggests that you hear the call but are choosing to ignore it. Whether it’s out of fear or disbelief, you must have confidence in your ability to handle the situation. When you arrive at these crossroads you must choose one way or the other. You cannot stay in the same spot forever.
futureUpright:You are about to be presented with an opportunity to remake your life with honesty and integrity. The Judgement card in the future position indicates that a big change is coming and your choice will offer you the opportunity to live a new life in freedom and grace. If things have felt cloudy and confusing, clarity is around the corner. The choice may be a difficult one, but if you use your intellect and intuition for the greatest good, you will find liberation.
futureReverse:Don’t resist the call when it comes – it won’t go away. Take this opportunity to release any self-doubt, shame, guilt, or blame that you are carrying from past wounds. Practice self-forgiveness and self-love and take pride in all of the beautiful things you have accomplished in your life. When the time comes make the bold choice from your heart and leave the old, negative patterns and cycles of behavior behind you for good.