name:Justice
pastUpright:It looks like you made a big decision in the recent past that is affecting your life today. In the past position, the Justice card usually indicates that you made a big change in your life. Maybe you were divorced, changed careers, or moved to a new city. Whatever it was, you made a major break from your past and that choice now forms the foundation of your current situation.
pastReverse:Did you just go through a rough time? Were you untreated fairly by others? Or maybe you didn’t take responsibility for something that you should have owned up to? This card in the reverse indicates that there was a significant situation in your recent past where justice was clearly lacking.
presentUpright:Karma is about to be served in your favor! The truth is coming out and those who harmed you are going to be forced to take responsibility. A big decision is at hand, and the outcome will be guided by fairness and accountability. If you are involved in a legal battle, it will be decided in your favor.
presentReverse:Justice in the reverse is warning you that you are involved in a corrupt or dishonest situation. Someone may be seeking retribution or is avoiding taking responsibility for something they did. If you have been engaging in dishonest behavior, you are being advised to take responsibility and to correct the situation right away.
futureUpright:Stay balanced and listen to both sides of the story when a major decision comes your way in the near future. Make the effort to really understand the facts and weigh all options carefully. Everything you have been working toward is about to come to head, and if you have been acting in good faith, Lady Justice is going to reward you.
futureReverse:Are you in denial? Are you avoiding taking responsibility for your actions? Justice in the reverse warns you that if you continue on your current path, you will be getting some karmic payback in the near future and it won’t be good. In the end, the scales of justice are always put back into balance. So, if you have the opportunity to do that yourself, now is the time.