Strength
Upright: The Strength card in your past position indicates that you have approached difficult situations with calm resolution. You refrained from aggressive confrontations even when times were tough. As they say, you catch more flies with honey, and this is true of most situations.
Reverse: The Strength card represents having self-mastery of your base instincts such as rage, guilt, jealousy, or shame. So, The Strength card showing up in the reverse position in your past suggests that you weren’t able to handle a difficult situation with grace and calm. Alternatively, you might have lost touch with your inner power. Some traumas can leave us shaken, with a loss of self-confidence. This Major Arcana card in reverse is asking you to bring your inner power back to a state of equilibrium.
Upright: Kudos to you for maintaining your composure through challenging times! Your non-confrontational nature is allowing you to handle difficult situations gracefully. The Strength card making an appearance in the present position of your tarot card reading is an excellent indicator of collaborative relationships and working with others in a cooperative way.
Reverse: If reversed, take a breath and find your center! Although our base emotions are natural, they do not necessarily help us to achieve the best possible outcome. Try to release your negative feelings in a safe way and then look to reconnect to your compassion and patience. Inner strength and serenity will guide you through rough times.
Upright: You might have been struggling to maintain your composure lately, so The Strength card showing up in the future position is a welcome sign that you are about to get your emotions under control. The more you work on releasing the ego’s need for attachment and control, the more easily you will let painful events roll right off of your shoulders. As you grow your inner power, you will feel less inclined to need to control others or allow them to control you.
Reverse: When a situation arises that requires you to be courageous and stand for what you believe in, remember that you catch more flies with honey. Forcing your will lead to conflict and negative outcomes. Try to tap into your powers of persuasion instead.