The Chariot
Upright: You overcame challenging times in the recent past, but because of your determination, you managed to succeed. Now you are stronger for it, and your confidence is apparent to everyone around you. Hard work pays off eventually, and you are evidence of that success.
Reverse: If you gave up in the face of a challenge recently, then The Chariot will show up in the reversed position. Maybe you were lacking self-confidence, or you just weren’t sure which direction to take. Or maybe you pushed ahead without thoughtful consideration and wound up missing your target in the end. Either way, the positive energies represented by The Chariot didn’t manifest in a constructive way in your life.
Upright: Success is at hand and your hard work is paying off! The Chariot is bringing you to the finish line of your race, and you’ve arrived in first place. This Major Arcana card also represents duality, because the charioteer has to manage the two sphinxes pulling his chariot. They can pull in opposing directions, so you must remain focused.
Reverse: Are you feeling like you’ll never succeed? Are you running out of steam because it seems like your struggles go on and on? The Chariot card in the reverse suggests that you’re low on focus and determination. Stay focused on your direction and don’t allow turns and detours to dissuade you. With continued dedication you will arrive victoriously. Keep going!
Upright: Whatever you are going through right now, The Chariot in the future position ensures your ultimate success! This Major Arcana card is at its most powerful in the future position and indicates that your plans are being supported by the universe.
Reverse: In the reverse, The Chariot reminds you not to give up if things get tough! You might be facing some challenges in the near future that will require you to keep your nose to the grindstone. Tap into your competitive nature and think of these obstacles as a workout at the gym – the harder you train, the stronger you will be in the end.