The Devil
Upright: Phew! It looks like you got out just in time! The Devil appearing in your past position indicates that you were surrounded by some toxic energy that was holding you back. Whether it was a domineering person in your life or some kind of addiction, it played a major role in your life.
Reverse: You recently broke free from some major chains! It takes honest self-reflection and a good dose of strength and courage to accomplish that, so well done. You left your addictions behind you and freed yourself from self-destruction. The Devil in reverse indicates overcoming self-imprisonment and attachment.
Upright: When The Devil card makes an appearance in your present position it’s a warning to do some honest soul searching. Are you running from your problems? Are you numbing the pain instead of dealing with the situation head-on? The Devil card indicates that we have chosen to become slaves to something. Maybe it’s work, maybe it’s too much exercise, maybe it’s drugs or relationships that fill a hole but don’t really mean anything to you on a deeper level.
Reverse: In the reverse, The Devil card indicates a time of honest self-reflection and responsibility taking. You probably already know which areas of your life have become toxic. Now is the time to face them head-on and make the change. The time of codependency and attachment can be a thing of your past.
Upright: You’re headed down a dangerous path if you don’t stop and examine what is driving you. Are you getting swept up in a toxic environment? Are you pursuing a course of action that you know will be detrimental to you in the long run? The Devil card in the future is warning you to look at your motivations and choices honestly. There may be someone alluring in your future that you know will lead you into a world of pain. Make the effort to tame your passions when you find yourself tempted to walk down a path of self-destructive behavior.
Reverse: If you’re currently in a toxic relationship, The Devil in the reverse appearing in the future position can indicate that you will soon be breaking free from your destructive situation. By taking responsibility for your actions, you will find control and walk away from codependency. You may be overcoming an addiction or a victim mentality.