name:The Emperor
pastUpright:You grew up in a home that was very stable and structured, or perhaps you are recently coming from such a relationship. With The Emperor in the upright position, your home environment was organized and rules were clearly laid out, which created a sense of stability and security for you.
pastReverse:If your childhood was influenced by The Emperor in reverse, things probably looked a lot different! You likely had a domineering and controlling energy in your home, and rules were enforced by force or the threat of force. Rigidity and schedules were an underlying theme. Alternatively, The Emperor in reverse in the past position could indicate that you did not exercise enough discipline in your own life, and lacked the structure and organization you needed to gain mastery over your life.
presentUpright:It looks like your life is pretty well under control and you have found a way to create an organized and structured environment for yourself. Whether it’s your home life, your community or your workplace, the rules are predictable and life is relatively stable. There may be an authority figure in your life who is guiding you. In the upright position, The Emperor reminds you that authority is on your side.
presentReverse:Be careful of someone who might be wanting to take over in your life, at home, at work, or in your social circles. When The Emperor shows up in the reverse, it puts you on notice to stand your ground and hold your boundaries firm. Don’t allow yourself to be swayed or walked all over by anyone, especially those in positions of power! Alternatively, this Major Arcana card could represent your energy, in which case you might need to self-reflect to see if you have become too overbearing or controlling with others in your life.
futureUpright:Brace yourself for a big change! You’re going to have to adapt to a new set of rules and regulations in the near future that could throw you for a loop. But if you face these challenges boldly, this new system will provide you with extra security and you’ll wind up feeling like you have more control over your life.
futureReverse:The Emperor in the reverse is never pleasant, and if he’s turning up in your near future, you’re headed for some conflict and confrontations. You are likely to find yourself in a struggle with someone in a position of authority. Or you might have to deal with a bad boss, lots of bureaucracy, or someone who is lacking focus. Whether The Emperor expresses in excess or lack, always look to regain balance.