name:The Empress
pastUpright:You come from a stable and fulfilling background, and your past was filled with plenty of love, luxury, and abundance. Even if wealth wasn’t excessive, you were loved, supported, and valued. In the upright position, The Empress is reminding you to stay connected to your gratitude and always remain appreciative of the abundance in your life.
pastReverse:In the reverse position, The Empress suggests that you might have lived a life of excess in the past, where you overspent on a lavish lifestyle, and this could be causing you some problems in the present. Or maybe you didn’t care for yourself enough so that The Empress in you wasn’t able to flourish. This card is asking you to assess the theme of abundance in your life so that you can bring it back into balance.
presentUpright:You are in a wonderful place in your life right now. You feel secure and know that love and abundance are available to you. If you’ve recently started a creative project, you are seeing it flourish and grow. Stay connected to your gratitude and express your appreciation as often as you can. Abundance begets abundance in all forms.
presentReverse:The Empress has appeared in the reversed position, which means that the energies of her archetype are out of balance. Either you are neglecting yourself and not nurturing yourself the way you should, or you’ve fallen into laziness and codependency. Take a look at how you are spending your time and energy and try to find a healthy balance as you move forward.
futureUpright:You definitely have some pleasures coming your way with The Empress in the future position! You are about to manifest your desires and you have good fortune coming your way. The Empress of the Major Arcana represents abundance of all kinds, so whether you’re looking for romance or a boost to your financial situation, things are about to get good.
futureReverse:Have you been feeling the urge to be creative and start a meaningful project, but you can’t seem to get into the groove? The Empress in reverse can leave you feeling disconnected and dissatisfied, so be on the lookout for any of these tendencies. Make sure you’re not shirking your responsibilities or spending money you don’t have! And by the same token, don’t run yourself ragged either. Be sure to take time for yourself for rest and relaxation when you need it!