The Fool
Upright: Did you start a new job or career recently? Or maybe you moved to a new country or began a new romantic relationship? When upright, The Fool in the past position suggests that there was a new beginning that was set in motion a while ago, that will now be playing out in your life.
Reverse: If the card lands in reverse in your spread, it might mean that you missed an opportunity or you were too reckless in some of your choices. But don’t worry, we can always make changes in life! The Fool makes his journey through the Major Arcana over and over, as do we every time we start a new chapter in our lives.
Upright: When The Fool shows up in the present position of your tarot spread, he is encouraging you to go for it! Is there an exciting possibility ahead that you’re feeling a little nervous or unsure about? The message here is to seize the day! Don’t be afraid to be spontaneous! Go ahead and follow your heart. The Fool tarot card in the present position is a very powerful card. Take a chance and enjoy a fresh start if your heart is calling you to do so. Let your inner child play and try not to let responsibilities and commitments dictate your life.
Reverse: Take a moment to make sure you’re not acting recklessly when this card appears in the reverse. Keep your wits about you and don’t lose your head! You don’t want The Fool’s childish innocence to lead you right off of a cliff! However, if you’re missing a great opportunity because you’re too afraid to take a risk, then this reversal is asking you to trust in the universe and jump in!
Upright: It’s looking like a new adventure might be just around the corner! Whether the love of your life is about to cross your path or your dream job is about to pop up, The Fool in the future position is really exciting! Keep your eyes open for new opportunities and try not to let worries or fears stand in your way. Enjoy what the universe is bringing you and just say “Yes, I can!”
Reverse: Beware of reckless tendencies in the upcoming days and weeks. The Fool in reverse can be a bit of a loose cannon, and when he presents in the future position, you’re being put on notice not to avoid all responsibility. Alternately, if you’re blocking your inner child, this card might also pop up in reverse. Try to find balance.