The High Priestess
Upright: You recently put your intuition to good use when making a major decision, and this will serve you well moving forward. When the past position reveals The High Priestess, it confirms that you recently used your inner wisdom to solve a problem or initiate a major transformation in your life. Your patience and trust in the flow of the universe have put you on a good path. Keep listening to your inner voice as you move forward in your life.
Reverse: Was your intuition trying to tell you something but you didn’t listen? Did you push forward with logic and reason without considering the messages from your subconscious? In the reversed position in the past, The High Priestess represents a time where were you were disconnected from your inner wisdom. Whatever choices you made at that time are influencing you today.
Upright: Can you tell the difference between your thoughts and your intuition? When the High Priestess emerges in your reading, she is guiding you to a place of quiet self-reflection. This tarot card represents sacred knowledge and wisdom, so getting it in the present position advises you to look for answers within. When you stop the mental chatter and listen to your heart, do you already know what the “right” answer is? Try to clear the mind of fears and worries and listen to what feels right to you. Pay attention to your feelings and your dreams, and everything else that is being revealed to you beneath the surface.
Reverse: Whatever situation is unfolding in your life right now, it’s a good idea to pause and take some time for introspection. Don’t force your will or try to rationalize solutions. We always need to use our minds to solve problems, but without listening to our inner voice, we often end up with solutions that don’t work for us in the end. The High Priestess in reverse in the present position is telling you that your intuition is very important at this current moment.
Upright: There may be a big decision on the horizon where things may not be as they seem. Be careful not to take the situation at face value. Listen to your intuition and read between the lines as challenges come up. Answers to your questions might be revealed to you in your dreams or sudden moments of insight. Trust your heart and move forward with patience and calm.
Reverse: Be sure to stay connected to your gut feeling about any conflict that may arise in the coming weeks or months. Someone may be being dishonest with you and The High Priestess in reverse is putting you on notice to watch for signs and listen to your intuition.