The Hanged Man
Upright: You just went through a period of time where you released something major. Whether it was in romance, your career, or your spiritual path, you went through a period of pause and self-reflection because you knew that you were fighting an uphill battle. Sometimes the universe brings us obstacles to force us to look at something we might have been avoiding. You successfully left something behind that wasn’t serving you anymore, which has brought you to where you are today.
Reverse: Did you make an impulsive decision in the recent past that led you into a difficult situation? This tarot card in reverse can indicate that you didn’t take the time to pause and reflect before rushing into something and you’re suffering the consequences today.
Upright: Take a breath and walk away from conflict! The Hanged Man in the present position is telling you not to fall into the trap of engaging in conflicts with other people. If you are in a toxic relationship, try to just recognize it for what it is, and take the steps to remove yourself from it. When we say surrender, we don’t mean give up and give in, it means surrendering to the notion that the situation is what it is. We cannot control other people’s behavior, only our own choices, so rather than trying to fix the situation, you should take steps to protect yourself.
Reverse: Are you keeping yourself super busy in order to avoid addressing a difficult situation? Or conversely, you might be procrastinating! Try to find equilibrium when it comes to any challenges you might be facing at this time. Look at your choices and actions honestly and try to remain open-minded. If you have been stuck for quite some time, this card in the reverse might indicate that the waiting period is finally coming to an end.
Upright: There’s a storm brewing in your future, so be sure not to become wrapped up in it. Take care to make sure you don’t get painted as the aggressor. Choose the path of least resistance and walk away from conflict. When people really want to fight with you, sometimes the best thing we can do is withhold the conflict itself by refusing to engage in it.
Reverse: If you’re feeling trapped by circumstances outside of your control, The Hanged Man in the reverse in your future can be a good omen. Depending on the surrounding cards, things may finally start moving again. However, if you find yourself embroiled in conflict, take this as a warning and do not engage.