The Hermit
Upright: You recently experienced a period of solitude or even a “Dark Night of the Soul.” External or internal events led you to retreat from the world for a period of time so that you could reflect upon what is really important to you. In that quiet space, you discovered long-forgotten desires and unwanted beliefs and fears. In this quiet place, you released those unwanted energies and reconnected with your deepest inner truth.
Reverse: When we resist the call to go within, The Hermit will present in the reverse. Losing touch with our inner voice leads to living an inauthentic life. When we avoid looking at our shadows out of fear, we forego any possibility of integrating them. This Major Arcana tarot card can also appear in the reverse when we have been abandoned or betrayed by loved ones. In this position, The Hermit suggests that you failed to learn the lessons of self-love and self-protection in the past.
Upright: You are currently in a period of retreat and withdrawal. You are reflecting on your life path and what truly matters to you. Have you been discarded by a loved one recently? Are you feeling lonely and isolated? Are you withdrawing from the world to avoid something negative or is your retreat nourishing your soul? The Hermit asks you to look within to discover how you got to this place. If something painful happened to you, what can you do to prevent this from happening again in the future? Sometimes we trust the wrong people or fail to set firm boundaries. A time of introspection can guide you toward greater self-love and lift you up into a higher vibration.
Reverse: Are you feeling lonely, isolated, or abandoned? Or are you maybe hiding away from society in order to avoid dealing with difficult situations? The Hermit in reverse indicates that the introspective qualities of this card are out of balance. Don’t resist honest self-reflection and don’t hide away from the world either! Give yourself the space to hear your inner voice and then take action based on what you discover.
Upright: It looks like you’re going to be spending some time doing some deep soul searching in the near future. You might be choosing to remove yourself from a toxic situation that requires you to disconnect from your life as you know it. Or perhaps you will realize that your current life path is not fulfilling you on a soul level. You may need to retreat to plan and strategize a way forward. The Hermit in the future position portends the ending of a chapter in your life and the beginning of something new. You’ll be guided by your inner wisdom to problem-solve effectively and come out with a newfound sense of freedom and purpose.
Reverse: Have you been in a long period of introspection and contemplation? The Hermit in reverse in the future placement indicates that this time may finally be coming to an end. This can also indicate relief from a difficult situation, where you find the peace and solitude you need self-healing.