name:The Lovers
pastUpright:In your past, you enjoyed a supportive and loving relationship, which set the foundation for your current sense of groundedness and wellbeing. Whether you are single now or not, the benefits of this bond are still with you, and you should wear those stripes proudly.
pastReverse:If reversed, The Lovers in the past position indicates that you might have had some difficulties around relationships recently. Maybe you had to make a difficult decision which led you to where you are today.
presentUpright:If love hasn’t captured your heart yet, it’s about to! In the present position, The Lovers tarot card indicated that love is right around the corner. And if you are already in a relationship, it’s about to evolve to a new level. Because this card also represents choices, you may need to make a decision about your level of commitment, whether to another person or your career or family. Some sacrifice might be called for if you want to commit fully.
presentReverse:There is a significant imbalance in your relationship when The Lovers card pops up in the reverse. Communication may have broken down, or maybe the partnership has become cold and detached. It’s important to be honest with yourself and your partner and communicate your fears and desires clearly.
futureUpright:Get ready for something new and exciting coming your way in the field of romance and passion! The Lovers in the future position indicates that you are in a place energetically to receive love and that you will shortly attract it into your life. Take this time to contemplate what you truly desire in a relationship so that you can manifest a harmonious partnership.
futureReverse:A break up might be in store for you if The Lovers presents in the reverse. Make an effort to engage in open and honest conversations and take responsibility for your choices. Sometimes we hang onto things in life that aren’t good for us because of fears or negative beliefs about ourselves and others. Have the courage to do the right thing so that you have a real shot at true happiness in the future.