name:The Moon
pastUpright:Some big secrets were revealed recently that were not easy to deal with. You had to confront the realization that things were not as they seemed. There may have been painful emotions associated with this – perhaps a lover cheated on you or withheld important information. However this manifested, the truth came to light and brought you clarity about your life. This has enabled you to make choices that brought you to a new place of understanding and certainty.
pastReverse:Did you refuse to listen to what your heart was telling you? Maybe the signs were there but you didn’t want to see them? In the reverse, The Moon card indicates a refusal to listen to our intuition and a reluctance to face truths that are coming to the surface. Or perhaps you didn’t understand the messages. Regardless, this time is now behind you and you have learned from your experience.
presentUpright:There’s more going on than meets the eye right now, and you need to do a little digging to get to the bottom of things. Beneath the surface, there is information that needs to be revealed. The Moon card in the present position encourages you to take some time to explore the messages your heart is sending you. Don’t dismiss worries or fears because they may be messengers, but don’t run wild with them either! There is a difference between exploring shadows and letting negative emotions take over.
presentReverse:You are falling into a negative spiral of anxiety and fear around a situation where you feel out of control. The Moon in reverse indicates the most negative aspects of this card. Someone may be trying to deceive you, or you may be deceiving yourself. Alternately, a period of confusion is finally coming to an end and clarity is returning. Look to the surrounding cards and choose the path that resonates with your current situation.
futureUpright:A time of creativity and feminine inspiration is approaching. Do you have some emotions dwelling in your subconscious that you want to express? With the Moon card in the future it will be a good time to get involved in an artistic project. But remember that the Moon also brings illusion and can lead us into our shadow side.
futureReverse:Someone may be trying to lead you astray in the near future, so remain on guard. The Moon card in the reversed position indicates the negative energies of this card and can portend a spiritual awakening or dark night of the soul. As you move forward, bear in mind that the situation may not be what it seems, and be sure to listen to any warning signs.