The Magician
Upright: You come from a place of great accomplishment, thanks to your own hard work and diligence. This was a time of flow and accomplishment, where success seemed to come naturally. Your willpower and drive have enabled you to lay a solid foundation for yourself and it is from this point that you now move forward in your life.
Reverse: It looks like you haven’t reached your full potential yet. When The Magician appears in the reversed position in your reading, it indicates that you might be unaware of some of the skills, tools, or talents you have at your disposal. But don’t worry, we always have opportunities to create a better life for ourselves!
Upright: You’ve arrived at a place in your life where you have everything you need to manifest your dreams and ambitions, but the time is now! Everything that you want is easily at your disposal, you just need to engage your determination and willpower to make it manifest. The Magician is a powerful card to receive, especially in the present position! Whether you are looking for love or a career change, this tarot card encourages you to dream big and go for it!
Reverse: It’s time to take action to make your dreams come true, but you seem to be resisting. A reversed Magician indicated untapped potential. Additionally, it can indicate manipulation, so whether it’s indicative of someone in your life, or of your own behavior, take action to correct it.
Upright: The Magician in the future position is telling you to keep going – you are almost there! You’ve been putting in the hard work and following the proper course of action to achieve your goals. Keep at it and continue honing all of your skills. You are about to have everything you need at your disposal to bring your vision to life.
Reverse: Be careful of tricksers or manipulators in your future. There is a situation approaching that might involve someone charming that doesn’t have your best interests at heart. It might also indicate that a project or situation may not turn out as you have been hoping. The reversed Magician is putting you on the lookout for any situation that involves illusion and deceit.