name:The Star
pastUpright:You must have initiated a beautiful new idea recently for The Star to show up in your reading in the past position. Whatever inspired you, you acted on it and it brought you to the place you are at today! This card is also about self-healing and nurturing, so you might be coming out of a time of pampering yourself, heart and soul. If you are happy with where this has led you, then always remember that your dreams can turn into reality. If it didn’t quite develop into what you wanted, The Star card is here to remind you that we ought to follow our dreams, but we do need some practicality to back up our actions.
pastReverse:Did you lose hope recently? Did you give up on a dream? A reversed Star card asks you to take a moment to see if your loss of optimism might have prevented you from pursuing your dreams? Take some time to look at your current situation. When we give up on our dreams, we don’t end up where we want to be in life.
presentUpright:Are you falling in love with someone new or a new idea? You’re surrounded by hope and inspiration right now. The Star card in your present position is a symbol of your innermost wishes and dreams and you are about to begin a new journey! But because this Major Arcana card also represents purity and vulnerability, do be sure that you aren’t seeing things through rose-colored glasses. We want to stay connected to our purset desires, but also keep one foot on the ground.
presentReverse:You need to go outside tonight and look at the stars and remember that wishes can come true! The Star in reverse is telling you that you’ve lost hope in your own dreams. But our dreams can’t come true if we don’t believe in them! Even if you’re going through a really tough time right now, you can control the energy you bring into your life. Surround yourself with things that bring joy and faith into your life, and soon your life will begin to reflect the same.
futureUpright:No matter what is going on in your life right now, and no matter how difficult it might be, don’t give up hope! The Star in your future is here to tell you that you will have a chance at beginning something brand new and beautiful in the very near future! You will find peace and rejuvenation and you will heal from whatever painful event you went through.
futureReverse:It’s time to reevaluate your plans, because your current path won’t end up the way you’re hoping it will. Don’t despair though! The Star card in reverse is just a little messenger giving you a heads up to be practical instead of naive. Be careful of people who bring you down or promise you the moon.