The Sun
Upright: You have a history of bringing joy to those around you because you brought happiness with you wherever you went. People were attracted to you because of this and it made you admired and respected by many. Your optimism and joy have brought you to the place you are today, so be sure to keep these qualities with you as you move forward in life!
Reverse: Were you lacking in confidence in the past? Or maybe you were scolded for being too bold? The Sun in the reverse indicates that there was a time in your past where your confidence was out of whack. It might have caused you to miss some opportunities. Wherever you are in your life today, strive for a healthy and balanced level of positivity and vitality, and success will be yours.
Upright: You are shining like the sun right now and success is following you in whatever you do! Your relationships are joyful, your career is fulfilling, and you’re enjoying recognition. Whatever aspect The Sun card represents in your reading, it will be positive and abundant. You’re full of energy and optimism right now and the world is your oyster. This tarot card indicates that you are at your most powerful right now but in a healthy way.
Reverse: You’re probably feeling sad or low on energy since The Sun card has presented in the reversed position. Conversely, if you’re treating people disrespectfully or giving yourself too much credit, this card will also present in the reverse. The Sun card represents healthy confidence, vitality, and power, which means that it is deserved and not at anyone else’s expense. Bring your confidence back to an honest place.
Upright: Whatever you are dealing with right now you are guaranteed an excellent outcome! The Sun in the future position of your tarot card reading is telling you that everything is going to work out in your favor! If you’re having some trouble in your love life or some problems at work, don’t fret. You will be happy with the end result soon enough.
Reverse: Don’t forget to stay positive! With The Sun in reverse in the future, you might feel the urge to fall into sadness or you might begin to question yourself. Maintain your confidence and positive outlook! On the other hand, if your tendency is to get a little full of yourself, make the effort to keep your self-confidence in check in the near future, so you don’t mess up a good thing.