name:The Tower
pastUpright:You have some major upheaval or trauma in your recent past that is still affecting your life today. The good news is that it is now behind you! After the destruction of The Tower, new opportunities await you. The transformation could have been something physical, such as a divorce or death of a loved one, or it could be internal.
pastReverse:In the reversed position, The Tower indicates that you avoided a traumatic event in your recent past, or perhaps you delayed it. The message of The Tower is to accept change. The old ways must go in order for you to awaken to higher consciousness.
presentUpright:When the world is falling apart around you there is no sense in sitting around and going down in flames. Jump to your freedom while you still can. There is a great upheaval in your life when the Tower card appears in the present position. There is no stopping this change because the faulty foundations have been exposed. However, this can really be seen as a blessing, because the illusions and lies will also go down in flames!
presentReverse:You may have just narrowly missed a traumatic situation. Phew! The Tower in reverse indicates that a major upheaval was either delayed or avoided. If you are aware of negative or false influences in your life that need to go, make the move now. Otherwise, the Tower will crop up again later to finish cleaning house.
futureUpright:There’s no easy way to say it. In the future position, The Tower card indicates that you are in for some major upheaval and life-altering change. It’s true that these shocking events can shake us to the core, but they also force us to grow spiritually. Like the baby bird that gets kicked out of the nest so that it can learn to fly, a tower moment will have you feeling like the world is out of control. Stay calm and remember that these lessons are training grounds, and you will emerge the better for it.
futureReverse:The Tower in the reverse can indicate a transformation on an internal or spiritual level. You may be releasing long-held beliefs or traditions or experiencing a spiritual awakening. In the reverse, the Tower can also indicate a resistance to change.