The Wheel of Fortune
Upright: You just went through a major change or shift in your life that set you on a new path or direction. In the past position, The Wheel of Fortune often indicated some kind of tumultuous change like a divorce, changing jobs, a major relocation or even a serious health issue. In any case, these major changes are still affecting you and have made a great impact on the person you are today.
Reverse: It’s really important to consider the surrounding cards when you are interpreting The Wheel of Fortune. Major Arcana cards in particular, represent long term energetic influences because they directly deal with huge personal transformations. If this card shows up in the reverse position in the past, you may have been resisting change, which has now left you in a difficult situation.
Upright: It’s time to celebrate! The Wheel of Fortune in the present position means luck is on your side! You are about to have a wonderful stroke of luck or swift resolution to your problems. Because this card deals with karma, these changes often deal with long term challenges within relationships or personal struggles and challenges. And if your life has been smooth sailing, The Wheel of Fortune doesn’t predict disaster, but rather asks you to appreciate what you have.
Reverse: You never know where on the wheel you will land – on the top or on the bottom – so be sure to express gratitude when fortune is on your side. If The Wheel of Fortune appears in the reverse, it’s asking you to surrender to change. Resistance will only cause more problems because the cycles of life and change are something we can never control.
Upright: Your life is about to get exciting! The Wheel of Fortune is in your future position, which means that big changes are underfoot. Depending on the focus of your tarot card reading, whatever intentions you have set in motion and have been working toward are about to manifest in a positive way. We can’t predict how things will unfold, but as long as you remain flexible your outcome is likely to be very positive.
Reverse: In the reversed position, The Wheel of Fortune doesn’t necessarily indicate bad luck. The card is advising you that there will be an opportunity for change in the future, and if you do not seize it, you may be doomed to repeat the same cycles endlessly. Don’t resist the change when it comes your way. On the other hand, if you have been in what seems like endless change and transition, a reversed Wheel of Fortune may be suggesting that this will finally be coming to an end.