name:The World
pastUpright:You are a force to be reckoned with and you deserve the respect that you enjoy! Your current situation is founded on a deep sense of accomplishment and success in your past. It may have been recent or in childhood, but either way, it established a solid foundation for you that has supported you into the present.
pastReverse:If you experienced some kind of difficult blockage or frustration right before achieving something great, then The World card will present in the reverse. But it signifies that you succeeded to move ahead in spite of it, and that blockage is now a thing of the past.
presentUpright:Are you wondering if things are too good to be true? Are you worried that the blessings that are coming your way right now are not real? It’s not every day that people see their dreams actually manifest in real life, but that is exactly what is happening to you right now. Whether you’re marrying the love of your life or starting your first day of work at your dream job, The World card represents arriving at everything you have been working toward.
presentReverse:Don’t despair that The World card showed up in the reverse this time! It doesn’t mean that your dreams are unattainable, just that you still have another hurdle to overcome before you get there. The problem could be that someone else is standing in between you and your goals or that you are in your own way. Sometimes we self-sabotage out of anxiety without even realizing it. You are just experiencing a delay. Find the reason and fix it so you can make it to the finish line.
futureUpright:You are on the right track, just keep going! The World card is in your future position to encourage you to keep doing what you’re doing. It is leading you to the fulfillment of your dreams. Trust yourself and move forward with confidence because you are almost there!
futureReverse:Do ask yourself if you’re endlessly chasing dreams without ever finding satisfaction in your accomplishments. The World card in the reverse in the future position can suggest you might be taking your pursuits too far, all the while missing what you already have. It’s a good time to pause and make sure that you are taking the time to appreciate your accomplishments.